---
layout: post
title: "April 2006 Meeting"
description: ""
category: meetings
tags: [meeting]
meetingdate: 2006-04-13
---
{% include JB/setup %}

PGP is an amazing tool for verification and encryption. However, many people   
don't fully understand it-even people who use it. This talk mostly will cover  
uses and effects of PGP. The discussion will focus on PGP and e-mail, and      
other topics will be covered as well. How cryptography works and the math      
behind it will not be covered.                                                 
                                                                             
Keysigning party                                                               
                                                                             
One of the key features of PGP is the "web of trust" that grows out of         
individuals signing each other's keys as a way of validating that the          
keyholder is indeed the "owner" of the key. We encourge you to create a key    
(if you don't already have one), post it to a public keyserver, and bring your 
"fingerprint" to the meeting for a keysigning party.                           
                                                                             
About the presenter                                                            
                                                                             
Phil Dibowitz is a UNIX systems administrator for the web systems team at      
Ticketmaster. The web systems team manages the Ticketmaster.com                
infrastructure: roughly 1500 Linux systems organized in four independent,      
redundant, and geographically seperate clusters across the United States. Phil 
has worked as a Linux, Solaris, and Network Administrator, and has a BS in     
Computer Engineering and Computer Science from USC. He is also the author of   
iptstate(1), co-founder of the MSS Initiative, and works on IP Filter and the  
USB Storage driver in theLlinux kernel. Find out more about Phil Dibowitz at   
http://www.phildev.net/.                                                       
                                                                             
Date: Thursday April 13, 2006 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM                                  
Location: Downs 107                                         
