---
layout: post
title: "Redmine"
date: 2013-04-29 12:00
comments: true
categories: 
---

Christefano Reyes presents on Redmine, a free and open source project
management and issue tracking system written in Ruby on Rails. Prior to
this presentation, attendees are welcome and encouraged to 
[download it](http://www.redmine.org), use a 
[shared demo](http://demo.redmine.org)
or try a private, [one-click install](http://www.webenabled.com).

Popular with (but certainly not limited to) the Ruby on Rails developer
community, Redmine is a full-featured system used by companies, open
source projects, governmental agencies, and individual developers around
the world. Big users of Redmine include open source projects such as
Ruby, Puppet, Gentoo, Lighttpd, TYPO3, and the Redmine project itself.

This presentation will focus on how Redmine is used from the
perspectives of developers, tech leads and project managers at a
software development company. Features that will be demonstrated include:

* User and group management;
* Feeds, email notifications and web-to-mail and mail-to-web support;
* Per-project role-based permissions,
* Time tracking and reports; including calendaring and Gantt charts;
* Issue workflow management across multiple roles;
* Redmine's plug-in architecture and growing developer ecosystem;
* Custom fields for extending user accounts, time entries, and other
data structures;
* Redmine's REST API and how it integrates with third-party platforms.

Christefano is one of the founders of Exaltation of Larks, a Drupal
strategy, development and training company; and Droplabs, a coworking
space and classroom near Downtown Los Angeles. As an advocate of open
source software, he helps organize meetups and conferences all over the
Greater Los Angeles Area. In his spare time, he trains as an amateur
acrobat and gymnast at the Original Muscle Beach in Santa Monica.

__Speaker:__ Christefano Reyes <br/>
__Date:__ Thursday May 9th, 2013 @ 7 pm <br/>
__Location:__ Caltech - Downs 107. <br/>
The Downs building is across from the tennis  courts on California at Arden. 
