---
layout: post
title: "March 2012 Meeting"
description: ""
category: meetings
tags: [meeting]
meetingdate: 2012-03-08
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Unity is the new desktop environment for Ubuntu, having first premiered in     
version 11.04, significantly enhanced with version 11.10, and very much the    
cornerstone of the upcoming 12.04 release.                                     
                                                                             
A striking departure from Gnome 2, Unity has been seen as a source of          
controversy in the Linux world.                                                
                                                                             
This talk will outline some of the design goals that Unity addresses, noting   
strengths, weaknesses, and improvements across the three versions of Ubuntu in 
which it's been included.                                                      
                                                                             
While Unity offers many usability affordances, some Ubuntu users prefer to     
customize it for their specific workflows. Linux is famous for its             
customizability, and Unity is no exception if you know which tools to look     
for.                                                                           
                                                                             
This presentation will outline some of the tools available through the Ubuntu  
Software Center to show you how to customize the Unity interface.              
                                                                             
Speaker Bio: Richard Gaskin is President of Fourth World, a software design    
and development consultancy in Los Angeles. Since founding the company in      
1994, he's developed dozens of commercial and open source applications used by 
a wide range of organizations, including FedEx, AOL, the US Library of         
Congress, and hundreds of universities around the world.                       
                                                                             
Although he started his career with Mac OS, Richard has since delivered        
applications for Irix, every version of Windows, and has been developing for   
Linux for the last two years.                                                  
                                                                             
Richard has spoken at more than a dozen tech conferences, including UbuCon,    
LiveCode Developer Conference, and MacTech where he had the distinction of     
being the only presenter using Linux.                                          
                                                                             
Date: Thursday March 8, 2012 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM                                   
Location: Downs 107                                         
